*PURDUE SCHOLARS COLLEGE*
        * Welcome from the Headteacher*
I would like to welcome you to Purdue scholars college.   I am very
proud to be the headteacher at this amazing school,where striving for
excellence is at the heart of everything we do. With our rich and
broad curriculum, we ensure we cater to all different educational
needs of our students from sports to agriculture, from the national
curriculum to additional business studies. Student -centred learning
is embedded in our pedagogical approach to ensure great outcomes for
all our learners.
We also pride ourselves with state of the art facilities, such as a
sports complex and a tennis court,  as well as places where the great
outdoors and nature can be enjoyed and explored.
 With experienced, highly qualified and seasoned educators and non
teaching staff we give our students the highest quality of education.
We would love to show you around and welcome you to  our premises.



*Message from the Directors*
PSC aspires to be a leading player in the delivery of high-quality
Secondary Education and harnessing of talents within the Central and
Greater Accra Regions and Ghana as a whole. We are excited to be part
of this journey. We are here to ensure that all of our pedagogical
methods  are timely, sufficient and successful.

PSC aims to become the embodiment of academic and creative excellence,
where our students are educated, feel empowered and equipped to face
the challenges of the 21st century. At our secondary school  it is
important to us that all of our learners with their diverse
backgrounds feel welcome and at home.

Our goals are to facilitate and enhance the educational experiences
and opportunities for our students while promoting personal
development  through persistence and discipline.

To all prospective applicants:
We can't wait to see you!
Be part of the PSC family today!

*Mission*
° To achieve academic excellence and good morals

° To unearth, develop and promote any  sporting skills of students.

° To seek and develop learners into relational, critical thinkers
while fostering their creative abilities.

° To raise a new breed of excellent leaders with values, ready to
solve future challenges.

° To instil a high sense of discipline and pride in our young people

*History*
PSC was envisaged in 2015 and the dream of our founders was brought
into fusion in 2018. PSC started from a humble beginning with twenty
students admitted into SHS 1. Gradually, PSC gained attention and in
2021 graduated one hundred and ninety six students with WASSCE
certificates. Persistently in the short period of existence, PSC is
undoubtedly and unquestionably becoming a leader in second cycle
education in and around Kasoa and Accra. Due to her exploits in WASSCE
examinations, PSC is now accredited by GES, NASIA and WAEC as a WASSCE
CENTRE.



*CURRICULUM*
At PSC, we provide academic programmes that challenge all students to
reach their maximum potential. We provide an environment of
excellence, responsibility and diversity that foster intellectual,
social and analytical skills. This is accomplished through our
professional development programmes  and a structured curriculum.


*Educational programmes*
National curriculum
•Business studies
•General Arts
physical education/ sports studies
•Home Economics
•General Science
•Visual Arts
•Agriculture
•Technical


*preparational and international accredited courses *
IELTS
TOEFL
WAEC
IGCSE

.

*Facilities*
PSC has a well-equipped science laboratory,  a Home Economics
Department and a visual art studio as well as a sports complex, not
forgetting our well-stocked Library whose resources can be used both
for research and field work. These facilities are manned by
experienced and highly qualified professionals.


*What can  Parents Expect?
● A learning environment that is safe and encouraging.

● A Challenging Curriculum that addresses all students' abilities.

● An interesting STEM program that enables students to thrive in this
field. Our science, technology,engineering and maths lessons will not
only enable them to pass their WASSCE but also curb their interests in
these fields and prepare them for a global academic or business
related career.

                 *WHY CHOOSE PSC*
□ High standard quality Tuition
Wide range of subjects and educational programs
Modern pedagogical approaches
Student-centred learning where the needs of each individual child are considered

□ State of The Art Facilities and Sports Complex
□Government APPROVED and accredited
□

> Challenge Your Thinking
>Change your Outlook
>Choose Your Future
>Choose PSC

#PSC#RAISING_SCHOLARS